```
   ___  ___ ___    ___        _     _         _    
  / _ \/ __|   \  | __|__ _ _| |_  | |   __ _| |__ 
 | (_) \__ \ |) | | _/ _ \ ' \  _| | |__/ _` | '_ \
  \___/|___/___/  |_|\___/_||_\__| |____\__,_|_.__/
                                                  
```
OSD Font Lab is a web application designed to help people create custom fonts for analog FPV OSDs with a "swap/replace/nudge" workflow. Currently the app allows you to:
+ Load an .MCM file or begin with the included Betaflight defaults, or import a PNG sheet generated by OSD Font Lab
+ Instantly replace all typable characters with gorgeous bitmap fonts by [Damien Guard](https://damieng.com/typography/zx-origins/), or from the [Atari Eight Bit collection](https://github.com/a8bit/EightBit-Atari-Fonts), or by importing a [.yaff](https://github.com/robhagemans/monobit/blob/master/YAFF.md) file, like those available from the [Hoard of Bitfonts](https://github.com/robhagemans/hoard-of-bitfonts/tree/master)
+ Nudge the characters around to match baselines and horizontal spacing etc
+ Choose from a pre-selected assortment of single glyphs or "sets" (batteries, crosshairs) and mix and match them from the Betaflight defaults or a small (but growing!) selection of custom OSDFL icons
+ Export to either .MCM or .PNG (1x and 3x)

02.26.2026
+ Added OSD | BOOT toggle in HUD view so custom boot logo can now be previewed in that view.
+ Added export boot logo option. Can export to native OSDFL format (PNG with gray background) or BTFL format (BMP with green background). Note that OSDFL can import either format.

02.25.2026
+ New *experimental* TTF import support! There are plenty of reasons why importing a modern TTF font into such a limited bitmap space isn't as straightforward as you may think, but TTF support is generally the first question I get about Font Lab from people, so here it is! Results will vary wildly in quality, because of the nature of proportional fonts, hinting, ascenders/descenders, etc, but in my own testing I got surprisingly usable results out of a lot of fonts. Play around with it and see for yourself. Have fun!
+ Added lowercase support. Don't want all caps? Flip the "case" toggle to L for lowercase A-Z. *Note that not all fonts HAVE lowercase letters.*

02.21.2026
+ 92 new fonts in the ZX library! New crosshair sprites: gbpanda, meowth, and ryuhiko.

02.18.2026
+ New emoji support! Replace safe characters with emoji for use in PILOT NAME or CRAFT NAME, etc, or turn safe mode off and replace any glyph with an emoji. 500+ emoji from pixel artist Idan Rooze. Also lots of performance tweaks

02.16.2026
+ Added 8-neighbor stroke style option for slightly heavier outlines

02.15.2026
+ New NFG's Arcade Font Engine library (170 fonts)

02.14.2026
+ New Amstrad CPC font library (44 new fonts)
+ New ZX Spectrum font library (55 new fonts)
+ New BBC Micro font library (89 new fonts)
+ New Oldschool PC font library (163 fonts)

02.13.2026
+ New HUD VIEW! Preview your OSD in an in-goggles style overlay on a flight background. Toggle common elements on/off, drag elements to your layout, switch NTSC/PAL safe areas, and compare changes live against the glyph sheet.
+ New boot logo support! Import a 288x72px BMP or PNG and inject it into your font.
+ New pixel editor! Ability to manually edit single glyphs pixel-by-pixel.
